Indra : Are you sure we're in right place?
Indra : It looks like bunch of weaklings not even good for proper fight.
Jata Agni : Yes...yes...we're in right place.
Jata Agni : We've scouted and searched this entire area and this is the only logical place for bandits to hide.
Krav Agni : However, I am convinced that the other place had stronger fighters and more gold.
Krav Agni : Now I am stuck here with bunch of wimps and this good for nothing hotheaded brute.
Krav Agni : We could've easily defeated them and kept all the gold for ourselves.
Indra : Agni, are you talking to yourself agian?
Jata Agni : Ya, after a accident it felt I was divided into two people.
Jata Agni : One is me that is calm and logical and other.....
Krav Agni : I can be too be calm and logical, mamma's boy.
Jata Agni : can be bit more aggressive.
Indra : ( It's like talking to a lunatic but he is crazy strong.)
Indra : Alright let's round them up and get that gold.

Indra : They were pretty easy but they got decient armour and weapons.
Krav Agni : Lets take them?

Indra : How can you shoot fire from your hand?
Jata Agni : Don't know, since birth I guess.
Jata Agni : Look at these scars, I got them from these flames when I couldn't control them and from then on.....
Krav Agni : We're born hurling fire bolts everywhere.
Krav Agni : I see you too have special ability of your own.
Indra : Ya, I can control lightening. Some say it is meant for great thing.
Indra : But all I want to be is rich and fat.
Indra : Let's search this area and look for their leader and loot.

Indra : Hey, tell me where is your boss hiding.
Bandit : I...I do not know. He has a secrect room in this cave somewhere. He usually stays there and comes out only to raid the villages.
Bandit : There are three switches proctected by his lieutenants. Maybe thats how he gets in and out.
Indra : Thanks for the information. Time to sleep. Nighty- Night.
*Bang*
Indra : Well then let's get to work.
Krav Agni : I am all fired up.

Lieutenant : Who is there???
Indra : Yours worst nightmare.

Lieutenant : Don't come any closer?
Indra : Nighty-Night.

Lieutenant : You don't look so tough.
Karv Agni : I am going to beat you up.
Indra : All the big ones are mine.
Krav Agni : You have beaten the last two. He is mine.
Indra : Ok..Ok.. But I beat the leader.
Lieutenant : Are you gonna fight or what???

Leader : Coming here without permmision. Do you have death wish???
Indra : Nah... I am here to bring you justice. Your time for tormenting the innocent has come to an end.
Jata Agni : There is a handsome reward on your head.
Indra : Thats TOO!!!
Leader : You are the one with big mouth.
Leader : GUARDS!!!!

Indra : Wow!!! Look at the gold here... I can be the richest person in Mehrgath.
Jata Agni : Are you going to Mehrgath???
Indra : Yes, I am going marry the most beautiful girl there and live like a king.
Jata Agni : Best of Luck with that plan. Anyways, I will going to Mohenjo daro.
Jata Agni : As agreed between us you can take the first pick of the treasure.
Indra : O yes!!! I will take that one and that one. I like this one the most....
Karv Agni : Enough!!! you have taken alot. now it's our turn.
Indra : No way. There is lot more the treasure is here.
Leader : ( I won't be able to beat them now. While they are squabbling over the gold, I should escape.)
Leader : ( Slowly open a trap door and escape from the dungeon)
Indra : And you are suppose to collect the reward for capture the leader.
Karv Agni : Yes, that is suppose to be over half of loot we find here. This is not even a third of what we found here.
Karv Agni : where is the leader anyways???
Indra : I cannot find him here. Did he escape???
Karv Agni : It was your duty to tie him up. I am taking those Diamonds for this.
Indra : It is not my fault that he got away. Let's just do half-half be on our way.
Jata Agni : Let's just do that.
.....................
..............
.......
...
